All right.
So let's go ahead with the endpoint in the back end so that we can see this in reason for the home base.
That's good, too.
So let's go to road website here.
I'm going to create another route relative dot post.
That would be home based.
So either have to be signed in and admit.
I guess.
Let me let's go to another outlet.
Cops are middleweights.
We need them.
So we need requested and is handed to these to be reversed with need and we are applying them here.
The question is admin and then the control function.
We can call it home based.
I guess that's home base.
Now, once we said this in the database, we also need to retrieve it.
Right?
So we also need to get this information.
So let's also write that same time.
So we pretty much will be done here.
We'll also be getting the home base, as we said, we should be able to receive the information.
And for that, again, the question is admin and let me call it get home base.
Home base and get home base.
Beautiful.
Let's go create these two controller functions in our website.
Controller.
And I actually forgot we have to create a website model as well because before we saved anything in
the database, we need that.
Okay.
Concert export concerts won't be close to a song request response.
Try.
Cats and her control of the.
Okay.
So home base and with this one is get home base.
Now, before we do anything here.
We.
I want to create the website model.
Because without that, we can't do anything.
Some model.
It's good a new front website or this.
And here we import mongoose.
We structure object I.D.
from.
Sorry.
Two men lose birth schema.
We need the object already when we are saving the image.
We just saved the I.D..
Right.
So we save as object I.D., then we can grab the images.
Full information about the images later.
So should be concerned.
Then let's create our model.
Comes with side schema equals to new mongoose schema.
So the base.
So the best time.
String.
No kiss.
True.
Dream.
Requires.
They were.
Biz.
Okay.
So that shouldn't be that perfect.
So this schema will be used for it can be used for more than one bit.
It doesn't have to be just home base.
So that's the reason we will have the place with the name.
I guess it could be Homebase.
It could be about peas.
It could be anything.
Right.
So that's why we have the base.
And then basically we just want the title in total.
That's pretty it.
But string.
Required to thank and then subtitle.
Time string required to.
And actually we need one more.
That is for food with immense.
Fun with him is.
This would be the type of object I.D. and the required object I.D. and then it will refer to to the
medium models.
Right.
So that's where we just hitting the 80 because it would refer to the media.
And that will give us all the information, including the viewer.
All right.
If you want, you can also use timestamps to timestamps.
That will give us the created and updated time by default.
Now we can expose default mongoose model website with capture interpret and that based on the website
schema.
Beautiful.
All right, so we've got the scheme and we can start saving the information in the database, and it's.
That looks good.
Let's continue working the controls.
We have to import that first to this import.
Model's website.
Okay.
So once you have that, we can continue working here on the home base.
First, all the data we'll be receiving in the request body.
First of all, we need to find base from request body because we don't want to send the same base multiple
times.
Right.
So if we have already created the home base for the first time, you don't want to keep creating the
home base again and again.
Right.
So if if it hasn't been created yet, then you want to create.
But if it has already been created, then you want to update it.
That way you don't have any duplicates.
So that's why I always said schema, always have the space field.
Okay, so we're going to take first, second space.
You can request money.
So we will be receiving that base information.
Create peace.
The title and description actually for this.
So we're not getting the page at the moment.
So we have to manually send because this customized pages for the home based.
So that means when it is submitted we want to.
Send the players in then so that we can do that here.
Base and we can hardcoded the value clone.
Now you can create another customized base for about another customized base for something else.
You can do that.
But this one especially, we are doing it for the home base.
So that means I think it makes sense to just call it our base instead of home base.
So let's make the sense, make the change and pass this hardcoded value as well.
And then let's go back to our route.
So since I have things that change here as well, just kind of got it off base and then to get when
to give the value so that could be home about anything, right?
So that would be dynamic.
All right.
So base to create because here we will be getting the name of the beers in the request body, just like
we send the base name.
All right.
And then whenever we want to get the base again, we send that name.
And if it is home, we'll find that home base by querying the website model.
All right.
So with that, let's continue here, though.
We will be resetting the base in the request body.
And we know this time is going to be home.
So what are you going to do here?
First we tried to find if it already exists in the database.
We need to know that the cost phone equals to a weight.
We've said model use, find find one function.
So we are find based on the base, right?
We find mission face.
And if we find that means we cannot create.
We have to actually update that found one.
If found, then we will update.
Otherwise we would create.
Okay.
So if found, what are you going to do in order to construct updated evidence to.
Website.
It's async.
We've said don't find one an update.
So we want to find based on the base and then whatever an update is the content that would be request
but.
Anything with sight.
Sorry, but I think the police now get so frightened by the pace and object, the request, body, whatever.
We got new thought out of them and we can give new.
All right, so that's how we operate and then we can return response.
Jason Update So any update we send that that is done.
But if we didn't find that means we have to create I guess a consecrated equal to await if say create
based on the request variant, then we immediately serve like that then.
A written response, Jason.
Create.
Beautiful.
All right.
This we will be able to create a base now to get this base.
You can see here in our route will be we will need to receive this argument draw wrote for Amsterdam
based name.
In our case it will be home.
All right.
So here to get that home.
Let's not call it home.
Let's just call it get biz because it could be any.
I guess let's make the teens get Bay's.
Let's make the teens.
Create.
Like I said, it's called create peace and get busy.
Make sure it's into Israel.
Create space.
Get this.
Both.
Create Cribbs get his.
And then we have the control functions that we have function for create base.
And get peace.
We going to right now so get peace.
We have to force destructive based from request params.
And then we found we try to find a way to voice that, find one base in the base.
And if we find we want to populate as well, we need to know the full width full with them is.
Again.
Then we send that found base as a response.
All right, so this is it.
We should have no interest in the back end.
Actually, we do.
Okay.
Response.
That's the a of request.
Linguists.
Beautiful.
So let's move to the front and one more time.
And then here what we want to do.
I'm pretty sure we should be able to save.
We'll give that a try.
And then we will also use use effect to get the base.